halo fans i can make you one today
welcome behind the scenes video and
Although I will score you out like
many people actually our mako
fenty exists and like me at all
am actually become fan presenter
and we also have many more
Hard-working fans ask a lot more questions
less personal questions sent
want to respond to you today yes and
who is actually behind the eco
So, we are about eight people
here in our team and of course
the well-known ones you know for example
accepted the club which always here
make styling tips for you and
Of course I too, we are always
watch live videos but it might still be
quite a lot of the middle ground and contribute
that many coordinated and indeed
are the people of zdf enterprises
because he is in zdf enterprise namely
a co-producer of the series mako and
they had the wish and also the idea
that you are the fanbase of mako
could support because it was at hp
Here is a huge fan base and he
never really cared
and that just wanted to change
They wanted to create a platform where
we can be there for you and you too
could ask us many questions
that can answer all that
means that it is at center parcs
Team gives the whole year
coordinate and connect because we
have so many different ideas what
we want to show you everything with you
want to do and then there is
once me I'm several
Moderators then gives you styling tips
and i also have these best on videos
from mike u and all that needs
coordinated and implemented
be and of course there are also
The person just behind the camera
stand and feel and come to you
we'll talk again later
yes and there I wanted to tell too
as I actually no moderator
I became because that's namely
actually a very funny story
and it was actually more or
less chance that it happened
and indeed has a friend of mine
family get to know the zdf enterprises
a fair moderator for the mac pro
channel
and that's just the spin off series of
h2s and then I remembered him and
He says that I fit in quite well
would be as I am of my kind
then something
and then I applied there
there are others who apply
had
and then there was a rehearsal of the
was then looked like I'm afraid
The camera seems to make me smile
Can and if I actually have such a
can talk set without me constantly to
I'm almost sure if I'm right from the tempo
Talk in any case, the sample has revolved
It worked really well
made
and apparently or respectively
videos have become good and i have
I was totally happy and then it became me
said yes so if you want then
Can you fan the expensive
be instruments and I may have it
real whole day if I even still
It took me longer to really do that
hey, you're the one now
by the council moderators beforehand channel and
some fans had also asked me how
Long is actually takes such a video
for you to turn and that comes
of course, whatever they are
because just for a video game to
for example, the winners announce
let the advent specials home
took a long time but they were yes
partially only 30 seconds to one
minute long it has lasted as long as
for example when I watch the video
maybe that's three or four
minutes duration because as I say, of course,
much more and of course I can too
Do not just talk like that
but I also have a few
thoughts do what I command you for
actually would tell
because if I just talk about it
I would believe then one would bet
no point and no comma been
and then you probably would have
Have any of no more buck on it
and is in any case
of course I promise myself
often, for example, I have the last one
or penultimate rotation quite often said
h2o movie tv movie maybe remembered
you still could not do this here
on the hd channel from the fourth advent
until the second christmas holiday you
watch the hartz iv movie and i have
that's so often misunderstood and always
Again, I do not know why I do that
said that was kind of like that
my head inside and hendrik is on
the camera would almost have someday
disengaged and, like so annoyed because
I have said this wrong in any case
and how
have turned perceived ex 500 where not
I always said wrong but when I did
Master me and think
then turn your head a bit
takes about a video shoot like that
hour yes and the next question was whether
I actually h2o or prefer a mac
and really pretty me
Quite a lot already asked
and I have to say honestly I think so
that I currently or I think
probably is forever more
I like it just because I think that
it is somehow more exciting and knows
I just feel that somehow
everything about marco white because I yes the
I'm four moderators and of course whole
a lot of background information too
have and I just think that over the
whole first season at the eco so one
right tension somehow exists
because the three girls have her necessarily 6
wanted to transform his back
wanted to win friendship
All these things happened with the
trident for example and at hartz iv
it's just the way they are
actually no friends and go
then or fall or whatever in
Symbols will log women in and there
Of course it's just that they stop
just handle it and hide it
But that's not what I think
Exciting like that when she's three
absolutely want to go back to the mud
but not allowed to see and stressful
that was kind of more exciting than k2o
and that's why I think that right now
What more you like, whatever you say
wanted to write because much more too
have that I like me so much
already so old and all this here
make for micro and she laughed
or that they are ashamed or
did they report that say their girlfriend
you 're already 50 why are you?
still mako fans is so full of
childrens series as if he wanted to say i
my there are also so series like
spongebob these are also children's series
and I do not know but I believe everyone
from my friend knows the series and
even watch them on TV if it is
runs and therefore I just wanted to say
that's nothing for what you look for
it must be ashamed in my corner even looks
after a survey was found out
that a lot of adult mothers so
adult women while even more
because they are so nice
You and I also think that it is
no matter as much as you have to
yes and therefore already said that
we still have a special one today
and that is it
hendrick is usually more
behind the camera and did not film
he is also in front of him today
camera untitled one now
hello i am the hendrick
and I cut and film the videos
with vanessa when it already has
you say that's about it
hour that takes you such a video
after I cut that
how long such a video is after that
I need something like that again
three to four hours to everything
uploaded data are uploaded and so on
further that the latter are cut
because, of course, depend on how elaborate
the video is that some go a bit
faster, some a bit slower it
sometimes one of you asked which one
programs we use for it and
Although the following program are once
photoshop for all the little dots
Keeps it here so far from the video
they are on the other videos
then we use tobi after
effects that this since this is the
intro and the car can do with it
since new text can write in and so
continue
to give the video nine titles and am
The End
Premiere is also a cut program
as serious many different programs
we use the case now and me
use premiere
yes, yes, and there is some
ask the vanessa to me if you
liked the video then forgot
not liking writes the comments
maybe even if you have more
wanted to have more information from us
behind the scenes is special questions
which is the head floats then writes
Of course you forget the comments
subscribe to the channels so you know about the
latest activities on the channel
stay informed and conclude
we have a little surprise
for you because you see me now
just sitting but if you have me
opposite poses because of other poses
that is a very funny picture and
to a plus point so now for
conclusion we find you still nice the
camera and say bye bye
next time